Master master
We Daxia
Never want to go in and smash the hole in the ground
Dongying is simply deceiving too much
The bones are hard
Ask me if the gun is hard
Ah!
Boy, you're gonna bark for me now
I can consider asking my master to let you go
Hahaha
Why should I imitate you?
I can get into trouble anyway
Who is who?
You bunch of thieves
This is the building.
Not Dongying
I don't want you to mess around
first glance
You don't want to underestimate things because
It's up to you then.
Come to listen to the order
What do you want? You lose or you die
Or kneel down and learn a few barks
And admit that you are all rubbish
Forever only worthy to be the defeated soldiers of our East Camp
Our Building Martial Arts
Never fight by force
If I win
You Shenwu get out of our building from now on